Update cht4 local setup docs - adding line to ensure .sh file is available under scripts folder (#928)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/local-setup.md

```shell
./scripts/add-local-ip-certs-to-docker-4.x.sh cht_nginx_1
```

> If you are using an older version of cht-core, ensure that the  `add-local-ip-certs-to-docker.sh` file is available under the scripts folder.

Reviewer: actually, "ensure that the  `add-local-ip-certs-to-docker.sh` file is available" isn't the fix though - `git pull origin' is ;)  As well, you have the wrong file name.  

Let's try this instead:

```suggestion
If `add-local-ip-certs-to-docker.sh` is not in your scripts directory, be sure to use `git` or GitHub Desktop to update your local repository with the latest changes.  If you can't update for some reason, you can [download it directly](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/add-local-ip-certs-to-docker-4.x.sh). 
```
